//Filosofos Minfulness App

<p>Welcome to my Filosofos Mindfulness App, a platform that I created where users can come to decompress and meditate. This user-friendly app offers inspirational quotes, a meditation timer where users can take time for themselves, and some support for those seeking extra help. This app was created with the intent of leaving users a little better than when they first came to the app.</p>

//App Design
<p>The app design for my Filosofos Mindfulness App is I wanted it to be simple so that it could be user-friendly and easy to use. For the design and aesthetic, I wanted simple color and simple fonts easy for the user to interpret and follow. The app itself begins with a title page and button that directs you the inside of the app. It is divided into the three main parts the "ContentView", "MainPage", and all of the "TabView's".</p>
<p>The content view is responsible for initializing the navigation structure. While the main page contains the title, the school's name, and my name, along with a button. The home view is where the user has the ability to switch between different parts of the app which are the tab's home, daily quotes, timer, and support. The four individual apps each contain separate information with regard to mindfulness and meditation.</p>

<p>For this app the technologies, I used for it were Xcode, SwiftUI on my Apple Macbok to create this application. As far as the structure of the app for the quotes tab I used text, author, and id for the different properties associated. For the timerview I used the timer to show the time elapsing when the start button is clicked. Different font sizes were used for various design styles, and differnt alignments were used for specific text placement. Overall, the framework of this app is simple and to the point.</p>
